fact is that when gigi hello I avoid
they would download that language from the former
of berlusconi as berlusconi of that
wall 9 effect is not to begin with
download with the exclusive first 12 of the
tires 5 thousand cubic meters of tires and after
voting after April 16th
I'll bring you the bus at the hands of the
similar and let's start the dca status
discharge or 40 thousand tons of
assimil skilled escaped a palace for
nothing says yes, but what it is today
freedom and certified that we are here
that is, dying, but no one is leaving
silence fell over qualiano
giugliano and villaricca
because intended is intended for groups of
pressures today the Masons
the cavour entrepreneur everything when
together the politicians have decided to do
here the quarries this is the truth
one looks at everything here, however
once to the hypo wall of the Julio area
now if we want water for a long time
to say the animals today says duccio
I all decide on these animals
all this under cell phones is successful
a punch in the stomach when he saw one
illegal dump is a punch in the
andry stomach of a farmer you
asks for a hand is a punch in the stomach
identifies genetics says do something but
that but what I miss the most words there
they are about to describe in what conditions
both are making us marine silence